oh my gosh you're going so fast how are
you going so fast I'm just making a path
for myself right oh my god what this
video I try and speed run and beat
minecraft while my friend tries to stop
me we coded it so he can control the
mobs around me and he can also control
the entire Minecraft world he can drain
water he can grow trees he can make
blocks fall he can control all the mobs
and much more can I beat the game while
the god of the Minecraft world tries to
stop me we're about to find out if you
end up like in this video and you're not
subscribed consider subscribing it's
free and videos like this take a lot of
effort enjoy the video also you should
subscribe to charge are you ready I
don't see you what are you ready play
the game okay thank you
playing yes play the game what did you
break the tree you have to get wood
dream to play Minecraft okay you're
being annoying
what it unplanted just one plant like
like ungrer the no dream I can control
the world
oh my god you're joking my one wood okay
well entire forest very quickly don't
mind me you can just ungrown P yeah look
at this game what use the crow a tree oh
my god this is a bling god they call me
SAP nap okay
okay ooh you just made at night it is
nighttime dream I'm gonna watch out oh
you can turn to the mobs to what do you
need to leave small wait can you see me
dream yes yes I can see I just got so
much good I thought if I didn't look at
you then I could just get away with
getting wood that's ooh are you after me
of course you are dream what are you
going what's happening well be any
shotta is that you hmm what's that what
are you controlling the water oh my god
what the heck is that
what are you doing the water is just
like rip tiding oh my god there's so
many mobs oh my god I'm gonna die so
early I'm gonna die so early
Oh dream oh no oh god no oh no because
I'm good
bringing behind you I'm gonna die really
early oh oh my god oh god oh my god oh
my god please oh no I'm falling
oh no wait what what are you doing down
I'm doing something I'm trying to be a
genius cuz I'm not safe on the surface
when it's just nighttime you're not safe
down here either oh my god go down
you're going white oh my god Oh No hello
yeah it's happening coming back down oh
[Music]
I need to like ate all my food
that's good for me when you do I don't
want food you can see that's cheating
what the water didn't I get your other
words are right now thank you yeah right
when I found iron do I don't have like
nothing I have like nothing ooh
what what how what happened he drowned
oh it's gonna be day it doesn't matter
it's gonna be day you just turn tonight
you're never gonna see the light of day
again oh oh my god that would have
killed me what did you just do what did
you just do oh nice oh boy I forgot I'm
just bringing it down to you now hey go
get it out iottery
go get it ina go find some mops I think
Friday
you can't just like destroy me with
creepers this time or skeletons let's we
nerfed them ooh that just actually jump
scared man come on
oh my god oh my god
[Music]
I'm not gonna let you get the trees this
time I'm gonna be really watching what
do I do if I can't get treated I say oh
my god I don't know you got to walk it
out oh no no I can hardly see it
yes no I almost got it oh oh
you're gonna get it you're gonna get it
no try again are you this I ate you so
much oh my god oh my god stop it I'm
wasting more oh my god you're like
dodging me - oh my god is so annoying
watch me kill these chickens get
feathers oh my god as gravity world
chickens I'm gonna lost you all the game
ooh nice oh these sheep
[Music]
that's my sheep no oh my god oh my god
stop stop it George oh my god I can't
walk off my hole I'm watching you in the
crafting bench
you made a sign what the Knights the
science fall yes oh my god stop stop
stop a bit of die George I'm gonna die
I'm gonna die
oh my god please stop
oh my god of course I knew that was you
I knew that was you I love the street
[Music]
okay no yes oh my god all right Oh what
oh my god you see such a loser
oh my god oh you break it I had to get
was a stone axe and then I was good yeah
your main advantage is gone Oh oh my god
[Music]
where are you no please oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god please what I
hear you spam blocking that's so not
that's not even fair oh my gosh oh my
god I'm not even low I don't even know
where I am
three
my god there's a witch huh are you a
witch no no wait oh my god no oh my god
come on oh my god leave me alone yes oh
my god
where are you oh it's just you make a
sunset I want to watch a beautiful
sunset you want to watch a beautiful
sunset let me say alright well just be a
dream over there you go thank you
[Music]
wait there you go whatever you want
midday show off what time do you want
what time do you want what time you show
up early morning late afternoon midnight
I don't know up to you where was my
furnace what come on yes die
No oh my god you're that slime oh my god
go away dream dream come here I'm a
slime now I'm a creeper oh god oh god
alright sort of creeper no I'm just
making a path myself all right
oh my god what oh my god tie to the
berry oh my gosh there's so much stuff
here oh my god come on come on oh my god
no yes no no oh oh my god that's so
annoying just don't do that
oh my trees I need more trees
oh my god I can't get in that yeah I got
a whole tree I got a whole time whoa oh
my god what was that you just like
launched me Oh
[Music]
oh my god what was that I actually have
confidence whoo there's a village all
right can go away no you would be
mistaken the heck get out No all right
it's my job curium ooh you're right
above a hole what oh my god
my inventory is sorted I saw something
what what can you attack me
aren't they friendly unless I attack
them any one way to find out dream
you can totally attack wait what what oh
my god and if I had to use my girl I
need to use my pearl oh my god how did
you throw me so I was at the iron golem
it was a combination oh my god oh my god
I wasted my pearl too like it's not
waste inside lives better
yeah oh my god I go so I oh my god oh my
god
oh wait no turns the sheep no oh god
those are so powerful why is it so
powerful can you swim
oh my gosh you're going so fast how are
you going so fast swimmingly oh my god
oh my gosh oh my god I don't know I
can't even kill you you're some towel oh
yeah blocking your part oh oh my god
oh you're so powerful
[Music]
come on yes well iron to iron you
dropped iron oh my god I'm just giving
you free stuff now that was scary good
no I'm never going near any villages
ever again ooh okay what that are you
it's behaving so weird
no leave me alone
leave me alone yes that was easy so evil
ooh boy
[Music]
what are you doing down her nothing
I just have struck by lightning right
that's so rad yeah I know I just started
raining and today you're actually ready
we're after that's happen was that you
miss walk striking the lightning yes
that'd be a good idea chi I should do
[Music]
that is you there's no way that's not
you - okay I already knew what's
happening
what are you spreading fire wait I can
like kind of oh you're lucky you're
hitting behind the water
did you just dodge it oh no you didn't
come on okay just mining see what
happened no what oh my god
oh my god you just drain my water what
how do I not hit you Hey I have so many
abilities though it's hard to think
about what I can do is you can basically
do everything oh I was oh okay I'm going
what oh my god what just happened I
don't even know how I lived
Oh oh my god there's so many blocks here
oh my god
it's a complete dangerzone dream right
there right here oh my god all right
here we go
no okay oh that it's very laggy my god
wait you just go back there thanks the
Epis I just saw the floor and I was like
no oh my god ooh
Oh George good the fortress is way to
you what right there oh yeah you Latino
vibe I can just kill you no I can do it
you want me to show you oh my god oh my
god I don't know you tell me dream
there's so much stuff just falling
everywhere come on
what oh come on no oh okay wait oh my
god
and I can just get the ceilings come
down on you again oh my god okay that's
that's what you're getting over the Cove
yes oh my god okay that's kind of unfair
yeah
torches are kind of unfair when you're
literally making the nether ceiling fall
on enemy so I die in lava
Oh
what are you serious oh my god what
what's happening dream is lava flow oh
my god oh no what
ooh oh my god oh my god is your platform
dream let me just make you a little
island real quickly look where you are
my little tower in the middle of nowhere
covered in lava you are actually so
screwed
oh my god I honestly don't know what is
that what dream you just shoot love at
me no I would never do that dream you
did I would never do that you oh my god
Italy Oh what what oh my God where are
you Oh
oh my god my list you made it the
fortress you can say you made it this
far
ooh oh my god how much hell did you have
enough I can just get rid of the ceiling
okay
oh my god oh my god this is gonna be so
hard
I forgot you can control the stupid
blazes Oh Oh No ooh nice
flaming down the hallway nice I just
killed myself nice I just Oh
holy no I just trap myself now who oh
you're trapped in there
no no yeah
nice it was a lotta blaze here there's a
lot of blaze here what what the heck oh
my god what's happening did you do that
you can just spawn blaze oh no it's a
spawner you can control the spawner oh
my god what am I meant to do I feel like
I just need I fell easy
die oh my god I'm gonna do a firing out
three people well I'm used to being
people yes oh my god
oh my god there's so many of them who
dream is that see over what I need to
get strays I can't go up to that spawner
it's impossible mmm I might have enough
oh no oh my god God where are you
my still ablaze I am how is that missing
okay Oh No my god I have to avoid going
I can't run where I want to run because
otherwise the gravity will screaming mm
wandering you're gonna die I'm just
going yes I'm just going I'm gonna why
is it lagging what no house there just a
skeleton uh-huh once you him shoot him
yes
what how am I gonna get out of here
oh my god Oh God dream dream Oh No
what oh my go actually crazy
oh yes come on the lavas coming feeling
no I call this vicinity now here comes
oh my oh no stupid torches
oh god yes yes yes wait where are you I
see you know like stuck in this lava
well this never I come in
[Music]
No oh my god you're so lucky
please Oh what is just one block away
from you
where's my portal actually keep going oh
it's there what no I trap you'll you'll
postal in that in that art what's even
happening
Oh your post has gone near him that
actually helped me know
No you help me you idiot yes oh my god
survive banana he survived the net oh my
god
that was you wasn't it trying to start
my god
oh you use the lightning to start a fire
that's what you're doing
no oh there's a student nice
Oh what you supercharged that creeper
[Music]
come on
you light need it enough damn I said
like kill it in two hits otherwise I
would have been toast there I'm off to
see the Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of
Oz are you joking me oh my god wait what
Please Please what
oh my good oh it's like mom says I'm
causing the wall Sofia ooh what it
pushed me whoa what did you just do
I just heard something Oh No
that would have been bad look over there
look at that
Mars now it's so good Martha do you
think seriously yeah I'll come up by
admire the stairs I think I'll do that
okay I won't call you either oh look
look I won't kill you look so good yeah
I'm looking at it it's so nice stop
shooting me it's really nice cream okay
I'll stop that it's like lava and it
looks like a spaceship something yeah Oh
dream you're the one they've been
hitting me the whole time
I know it was you you're moving too slow
you're moving so slow go away you know I
didn't have whenever last time I fought
you I had so I didn't have something I
have now yes oh my god oh my god this
video is sponsored by dream dark on HQ
net it's a mine crossover they have a
sky block realm which you can play on
it's amazing just reset you can win cash
prizes by playing on it they also push
out updates every week you never really
get bored if you play it and I'll be
online if you want to come and play with
me then you can you can use cold dream
Co al3 for a free cool rank on their
Skyblock origin server